
START RESUME =

Objective:
Data scientist and Front-end Developer with a a problem solving focus on the development and use of applications. Using languages and programs to deliver solutions with a customer first approach. 

Can write programs  in the following languages and utilizing following  frameworks and tools:


 LANGUAGES:
SQL
R
Python
HTML
Javascript
CSS

FRAMEWORKS:
Bootstrap
Jquery
Node Js

SOFTWARE TOOLS:
PowerBI
MicrosoftOS
GIS
Tableau
Taleo


PROJECT EXPERIENCE:
Electronic Health Record System (EPIC) upgrade fix - lead on project for upgrade to prevent coding errors
Discovered error that would lead to 10% increase in transcription errors and 25% decrease in turnaround for products. Created excel and word created docs that explained the problem.
Tested IT created fix in an sandbox environment.
Created operating procedure and led training for staff on new process. 
Population Survey Database - determine  bird population feeding behavior
Developed experiment and hypothesis  surveys to gather information from different areas.
Wrote program in  R  to create logic and plot data as well as Excel to plot data..
Wrote a paper explaining my findings as a practice in science writing for Field Ecology. 
Website Projects - promoting a concert tour and a local cinema
Utilizing Javascript, HTML Json, Jquery, and CSS created a website with features such as a rewards form to fill out, a navigation bar, slide show, and image gallery
Created a website using only bootstrap that promoted a fictional local cinema.  


SOFTWARE EXPERIENCE
Coding bootcamp, the tech academy | portland, or
Intensive data science coding bootcamp focused on machine learning, data analysis, and visualization. .
Attending Meetup seminars to try and expand and hopefully assist with some projects.
Hospital computing, cellnetix/ohsu | washington/oregon
I did data entry in EPIC entering patient data which could be easily be incorrect so this required a lot of care and attention to detail. I had to take a course to get certified for it.
I taught coworkers  how to navigate new features of programs, mainly Epic, and solve problems relating to doctor’s orders, patient and health  info. 
Streamlined quality control with Python.


OTHER EXPERIENCE:
Medical lab tech, cytogenetics - oregon health science university | nov 2021 – mar  2023
Implemented a label process that reduced transcription errors by half. 
Lead change to chemical making procedure to increase volume and reduce prep time.
Actively followed up with suppliers to reduce supply chain problems.
lab technical assistant, immunology - ohsu | aug 2019 – nov 2021 
As section safety officer conducted  safety trainings and audits.
Actively consulted with external and internal customers to solve issues over phone and email to reduce chronic issues by half. 
recruitment coordinator, hr - robert half| mar 2018 - may 2019 
I did recruiting data entry using HRIS Taleo, utilized spreadsheets for stat tracking.
Collaborated with diverse set of  internal customers over phone and email. 
lab assistant iii, surgical pathology - cellnetix | may 2015 - jan 2018 
I assisted customers via oral, email, and phone to navigate issues.
Data entry of patient info, powerPath specimen info and  correct errors in Epic. 

VOLUNTEERING:
Research assistant, osu oncology lab| aug 2010- june 2012
I assisted osteoclast research  using PCR, mainly made agarose gels.
Research assistant, forest service | aug 2011- june 2012
I assisted bat and frog population surveys using GIS and Excel. 
Seasonal ranger, park service | aug 2011- june 2012
I did entered permits electronically using the park database, greeted the public with and assisted with information on park information, nature education and safety.
Book sorter, friends of multnomah co library | jun 2019- june 2021

EDUCATION:
b.s. degree - biology | graduated may 2013 | Ohio university
the tech academy coding bootcamp, data science | Attending Feb 2023




